Taksh Dhabalia Pune, Maharashtra · dhabalia.taksh@gmail.com · +91 7715958053 · GitHub · LinkedIn Education Maharashtra Institute of Technology - Pune Pune, Maharashtra BTech Computer Science GPA: 7.5 - Till 5th Sem Aug 2022 - June 2026 BRPS - ICSE 10th - 91.7% Pune Work Experience IIIT-Delhi Delhi System Design and Embedded Software Developer Intern Jan 2024 - Aug 2024 Key Skills - Cloud , Micro-controllers , Low level Design , System Architecture GitHub • Designed and implemented a water management system with an app and cloud integration. • Developed the overall hardware and cloud architecture, deployed on STM32 micro controllers. • Developed the entire app for the project written in Dart using the Flutter framework. Used Firebase for the backend . • Demonstrated skills in micro-controller architecture , low-level embedded systems programming , system design and architecture, PCB designing and Flutter development. Team Bolt Pune Vice Lead, Electronics June 2023 - Jan 2024 • Secured All India Rank 4 in FMAE Moto Student India - Electric Super bike Building Competition and overall rank 2 in cost report and endurance test. • Led the innovations and electronics department, developing 4 new innovations including GPS tracking and SOS impact sensors. • Contributed to wiring and circuitry for GLVS and HVS systems. Projects Tarzan August - Current 2024 Embedded Systems , Deep Learning, Sensors, Coding, Simulations GitHub Developing an autonomous vehicle portable module for non-ADAS enabled cars. Uses an app to input images and run custom deep learning models [YOLOv8] to make decisions for car steering angle, acceleration, and braking values. Takes surroundings like other cars , potholes , barricades etc. to make its decisions Worked in making its simulations on MATLAB using pure-pursuit modelling . IRIS Website August- September 2024 Web Development- React, Payments, Databases, APIs GitHub Developed an official site for the club, handling multiple concurrent real-time payments and updating entries for events. Utilized Razorpay, Supabase Database, and Vercel for deployment. Real-Time Parking Management System March - May 2024 OpenCV, Multi-Threading, MQTT, Embedded-Systems GitHub A system that takes in a live video feed and allocates parking based on parking availability . Uses OpenCV and Threading with YOLOv8 for real-time allocation, speeding up the process by 40%. Implemented using CCTV cameras and Raspberry Pi. Doom on Web Jan - May 2024 Python, Algorithms, Web APIs GitHub Achieved a 30% performance improvement in FPS and a 10% improvement on web platforms by implementing core algorithms natively. . Leverages Ray-Casting for its core engine algorithm and uses BFS and DFS for its NPC algorithms Developing multiplayer and squad-up features (WIP). Music_Gen June - Dec 2023 Music21, Python, TensorFlow GitHub Produced music from input using LSTMs in real time. Utilized open-source KERN datasets for German songs to generate unique melodies based on the input provided, giving the continuations of them as a result .Skills Languages Python, C, C++ Packages Music21, OpenCV, Pandas, NumPy, TensorFlow, PyGame Electronics Raspberry Pi, STM32, Node-RED, ESP and Arduino Family Software MATLAB, SolidWorks, Blender Communication Protocols MQTT, LoRaWAN, ESP-Now, Cellular, NB-IoT Soft Skills • Leadership: Led team of 15 students in electric super bike competition for the innovations department and secured top rankings in FMAE Moto Student India. Currently eading a team of 40 students as President , doing various tasks involving guiding projects , research papers and non-technical events • Communication: Effectively conveyed complex technical concepts to non-technical team members and stakeholders. • Problem-Solving: Demonstrated ability to troubleshoot issues in embedded systems and optimize algorithms for real-time performance. • Team Collaboration: Worked closely with cross-functional teams on various projects, including autonomous vehicles and the IRIS Website . • Time Management: Managed multiple projects, competitions, and academic workload, consistently meeting deadlines and maintaining the standard. • Adaptability: Quickly learned and integrated new technologies such as Flutter, Firebase, and STM32 inthe shortnoticeprovided. Also pivotedfromexistingtechstacktonewerapproachesin myinternship. Awards Ranked in Top 5 in Electric Super bike Racing Competition FMAE (Federation of Mechanical and Automotive Engineers) Positions of Responsibility IRIS [Student Club, MIT-WPU] - President Team Bolt [Student Club, MIT-WPU] - Vice-Lead for Innovations and Electronics